docs(kapsule): Add a warning message (#1671)
scaleway/docs-content: containers/kubernetes/reference-content/secure-cluster-with-private-network.mdx

7. Apply your custom rules by clicking <Icon name="validate" />.

### Using Terraform

<Message type="important">

> 	Be aware that any existing Kapsule cluster **will be destroyed** and recreated, by adding private_network_id attribute over an existing terraform definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Be aware that any existing Kapsule cluster **will be destroyed** and recreated by adding the `private_network_id` attribute over an existing terraform definition.
```

>   Be aware that any existing Kapsule cluster **will be destroyed** and recreated by adding the `private_network_id` attribute over an existing terraform definition.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Any existing Kapsule cluster **will be destroyed** and recreated by adding the `private_network_id` attribute over an existing terraform definition.
```

>   Be aware that any existing Kapsule cluster **will be destroyed** and recreated by adding the `private_network_id` attribute over an existing terraform definition.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  Any existing Kapsule clusters **will be destroyed** and recreated by adding the `private_network_id` attribute over an existing Terraform definition.
```

> 	More on : [Scaleway's terraform provider documentation (v2.19.0)](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/scaleway/scaleway/2.19.0/docs/resources/k8s_cluster).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For more information, refer to [Scaleway's terraform provider documentation (v2.19.0)](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/scaleway/scaleway/2.19.0/docs/resources/k8s_cluster).
```
